other points that are part of the landscape of many squares are also
as athletes, even the birds are created for the competition.
What are we going to watch?
the passion of children today is a blow to the life of the
Search
kiki and trains around 400 mailing points to participate in competitions
from good since child
I thought it was a beautiful god for moving from one wall to another.
deduct
on the edge
it's people who think like a sight test
the government has stimulated the little
the plans
the activity of creating mail tennakoon
is known as pigeon racing
skiers are called columbófilos carlos algusto sports the
title of pigeon-mail national champion the 2008 bad competition
the prize I got until today
the first place does not
according to the brazilian grand prix
it was an honor to do very good
because my people
first place to fifth place
I saw 22 points that arrive on the day we just gave 300 competitors
he scored the first and fifth
tip is a car off other prizes in de niro to participate in
competitions
the pigeons-mail receive special treatment here the agricultural technician Jorge
borges
is responsible for balanced nutrition and daily training
We agreed sarti now how I say it.
is the corollary
Forget the attic diver
the prize 1
but in the woman herself
Aírton is going there right now they are now doing pigeon cleaning
change our water never so for half an hour then there was the years in the company
meets through the south came
there they are very low from the loft after half an hour
Already the Malu sertão turno by bowie
p3p vote 4 and 5 months is not all the same way the competitions points
receives a rubber ring with serial number are shipped on a
truck that takes them to the destination of the faults
returning
to their place of origin
there are some theories about the
pigeons
but none of them this proven concept
the most common explanations are
people have a natural instinct similar to migratory diaries they
only then by the position of the sun
the privileged view
allows it to fall on reference points with ease
use the magnetic field of the earth through a natural file that allows
a more medical perception of the pathways and covering great distances
without losing the creation of poles
may not be an activity of the most profitable in Brazil
but for sure
is one of the most enjoyable
for the creators someone for the return of the double of two falls and in Brazil must
create a light and chest bubble joy of living
then this year we have achieved that many people sometimes can not
consumers to
this thing they measure most strikingly
I like to participate in it.
to talk to someone who likes the end of it
to study
I'm going to give passion to your same passionate zero car
those who understand it
- in major competitions